Update control-plane-flags.md (#14729)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/setup/independent/control-plane-flags.md

1.  Add the appropriate fields to your configuration.
2.  Add the flags to override to the field.

> 3.  Update the configuration by `kubeadm upgrade apply --config config.yml` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3.  Update the configuration by running `kubeadm upgrade apply --config config.yml` 
```
What do you think @kigawas?

Reviewer 2: -1 on including `kubeadm upgrade apply --config config.yml`.
applying upgrade for the sake of modifying a flag is possible, but not recommended.

there are plans to support simpler customizations eventually.

Author: > -1 on including `kubeadm upgrade apply --config config.yml`.
> applying upgrade for the sake of modifying a flag is possible, but not recommended.
> 
> there are plans to support simpler customizations eventually.

Thanks for pointing out.

Can you make a recommendation of modifying flags at the current 14.2 version?

Reviewer 2: with 1.14 and 1.15 you must modify the `/etc/kubernetes/manifests/` YAML files manually, but these changes will be lost after upgrade. to make the changes persist you must also modify the `kubeadm-config` ConfigMap object.

`kubeadm upgrade apply --config config.yml` solves this problem but it also performs all the steps of an upgrade which might not be desired by some users.

Author: Thanks, so a user may need to modify files under `/etc/kubernetes/manifests/` and both `kubeadm-config` configmap?

I've done some search, it looks like this point is seldom mentioned. Shall we document it here?

Reviewer 2: no, this should not be documented here.

> You can also add `extraVolumes` to mount additional volumes if necessary (e.g. specifying a configuration file for cloud provider gce).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also add `extraVolumes` to mount additional volumes if necessary (e.g. including configuration files that are relevant to your cloud provider).
```

Reviewer 2: there are already examples here:
https://godoc.org/k8s.io/kubernetes/cmd/kubeadm/app/apis/kubeadm/v1beta2#hdr-Kubeadm_init_configuration_types

the godoc ref pages are linked in this document already.

Author: > there are already examples here:
> https://godoc.org/k8s.io/kubernetes/cmd/kubeadm/app/apis/kubeadm/v1beta2#hdr-Kubeadm_init_configuration_types
> 
> the godoc ref pages are linked in this document already.

This link is good, but not in this document.

The link in this document is https://godoc.org/k8s.io/kubernetes/cmd/kubeadm/app/apis/kubeadm#ClusterConfiguration

which is less informative

Reviewer 2: i think it's fine to change the link to https://godoc.org/k8s.io/kubernetes/cmd/kubeadm/app/apis/kubeadm/v1beta2

1.  Add the appropriate fields to your configuration.
2.  Add the flags to override to the field.
3.  Update the configuration by
    1. Editing configuration files under `/etc/kubernetes/manifests/` directory
    2. Editing the kubeadm configmap by running `kubectl -n kube-system edit configmaps kubeadm-config`

You can also add `extraVolumes` to mount additional volumes if necessary (e.g. including configuration files that are relevant to your cloud provider).

For more details on each field in the configuration you can navigate to our

> [API reference pages](https://godoc.org/k8s.io/kubernetes/cmd/kubeadm/app/apis/kubeadm/v1beta2#hdr-Kubeadm_init_configuration_types).

Reviewer 2: this should be:
> [API reference pages](https://godoc.org/k8s.io/kubernetes/cmd/kubeadm/app/apis/kubeadm/v1beta2)

i think this is the only change this PR should do for now.

1.  Add the appropriate fields to your configuration.
2.  Add the flags to override to the field.

You can also add `extraVolumes` to mount additional volumes if necessary (e.g. including configuration files that are relevant to your cloud provider).

> 

Reviewer 2: please exclude this sentence for now.
we might refactor this document eventually.

Author: Okay it's done

For more details on each field in the configuration you can navigate to our

> [API reference pages](https://godoc.org/k8s.io/kubernetes/cmd/kubeadm/app/apis/kubeadm/v1beta1#hdr-Kubeadm_init_configuration_types).

Reviewer 2: should be only `[API reference pages](https://godoc.org/k8s.io/kubernetes/cmd/kubeadm/app/apis/kubeadm/v1beta1)`

    cluster-signing-key-file: /home/johndoe/keys/ca.key
    bind-address: 0.0.0.0
    deployment-controller-sync-period: 50

>     cloud-provider: gce

Reviewer: These docs aim to be vendor-neutral, so how about
```suggestion
    cloud-provider: exampleprovider
```
?

I wonder if it makes sense to have two tabs, one that has the _extraVolumes_ and the cloud provider set and another that doesn't? I know that cluster operators definitely deploy with `kubeadm` onto bare metal, and that that's supported.

Reviewer 2: yeah, cloud provider examples should not be included in this document.
see https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/cloud-providers/#kubeadm

Author: Agree not to include cloud provider here

Author: @neolit123 

By the way, I noticed that `--cloud-provider` is already deprecated when starting kubelet and kube-controller-manager, and it said the in-tree cloud providers will be moved to out-tree repos like https://github.com/kubernetes/cloud-provider-gcp

If I want to integrate the out-tree cloud provider code above, do you know how I can do this?

Reviewer 2: unfortunately no. if you have GCP specific question you can try asking in the #sig-gcp slack channel.

Author: > unfortunately no. if you have GCP specific question you can try asking in the #sig-gcp slack channel.

I asked several days ago, but the channel is not active and there is no one replying me

Reviewer 2: you can also try the #sig-cloud-provider channel.
